Added the information about fake DNS in KB (#512)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-for-android/solving-problems/tasker.md

`enable:true` or `enable:false` enables or disables DNS filtering, accordingly.

> `fake_dns` resolves DNS requests in the specific proxy server. This requires an extra flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fake_dns` allows resolving DNS requests on the specified proxy server. This requires an extra flag:
```

> `enable:true` or `enable:false` enables or disables the fake DNS setting, accordingly.

Reviewer: думаю тут можно назвать настройку как в интерфейсе

```suggestion
`enable:true` or `enable:false` enables or disables the *Use FakeDNS* setting, respectively.
```
